Final Goals
	Begin testing
		Test with server on dif pc (still lan)
		
	Make basic ai that doesnt hit the walls
	
*Completed
	Add text boxes for ip and port.  Defaults to lan if nothing entered.
	Add in vr menu support with a cursed keyboard
	Add in wait for at least 2 players before start (accidentally)
	Add in restart round when there is a winner (took forever and was a pain to debug)
	Tweaked sensitivity of cycle handle bars.

Known Issues
	Limit of four players before arrays will break for not enough color choices/spawn locations etc
	

Goals:
	VR Hand driving
		+Added Hands that can pinch/grab
		*Move colliders/hinge/rigidbody to the model so leaning doesnt tilt headset camera
		*Add grabbable invisible cubes on handle bars
		*Make it so bike doesnt fall over immediately.
		*Make sure can still turn
		
	Player 3 in a game, does not move client side...crashes normally on server
	On connect, move to neon grid
			In theory this done.
			Needs to have the scene change occur AFTER successful connection, if and only if connection was successful.
	Add IP Address textbox
	VR menu w/ typing
	Music?

	Would Be Nice:
		Grid Neon Flashing as scene here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8A0yojNfhA
		Even the particles effects seem neat.
		Random start position and rotation (use bag and random)
		Accelerate when close to walls.  Ie give player a 2nd, bigger collider that when triggers accelerates the player
		Adjust engine humming pitch to match player speed.  
			Can either send speed value down from server
			Or calculate it from position being sent down, ie keep track of previous position
		Make minimap more visible and better looking
		Make it so u can exceed 45 degrees in a turn, however, if u aren't going fast enough u fall over and crash.
			Math: https://www.wired.com/2015/09/just-far-can-motorcycle-lean-turn/

Test:
	Multiplayer collisions
		For the most part works.
		However, there is an issue where the very first collidable box is behind the light trail's start.
		This means u can collide with an invisible object (bad)
		This I believe was done so that players dont immediately collide.
		Fix is to skip first drop box.
			Fix implemented tho there is some fine tuning to be done.  Can technically graze the trail start without colliding.


87.95474
directional .4 intensity

play with generate lighting data on/off
	.75 int on head light
	set culling to only light trails
	add trailpoint to light trails layer

	map light intesnity to 14.32

	vr rig z -.52



turn off post processing in minimap camera cull out the floors (and maybe walls)
shadows/lights etc off on minimap